First method and a test is this create method to do that, go to the test, let's name our test method
test create and we need a new coupon rest controller so that we can invoke the create method on it.
Coupon rest controller object hit control one assign statement to a new local variable.
Call this controller controller dot create is the method under test.
You pass it a new coupon object.
But now if we run this test, this will become an integration test.
We don't want the real repository to be injected.
We want to mock out everything.
So here we extract this hit control one.
Convert local variable to a field so that it will be much easier for Mockito to inject this, then you
declare the repository here, private coupon Repo, call it Repo
Mark this repo
We want to mock out this repository object.
Mock Mock it using it, Mock annotation from Mockito.
Now we want to inject this mocked out repo into the coupon rest control mark this with @ inject Mock's annotation.
@ inject mocks annotation from arg mockito when we run this test first mockito will mock this object,
the coupon repo, and then it will inject that mocked object into the controller.
I can get rid of this hit control d.
We don't need the controller anymore because mockito will automatically create instance of the controller.
Then it will inject the repo for us simply invoke controller dot create new coupon.
You can fill in this coupon with the data hit control one extract to local variable hit control one
on controller dot create assign statement to a new local variable.
You can call it coupon created.
So before we invoke control controller dot create, we need to stub out or mock the method.
Call on this repository.
If you go back to the coupon rest controller when the save method is invoked, it will internally invoke
repo dot save.
So to stub that are to mock that use when within brackets or let's import it first.
hit controls space import when from Mockito when Repo dot save method is invoked and the coupon is
passed outside the brackets dot then return the coupon back.
So we are stubbing out the repo dot save or we are mocking out this call here.
Once the controller dot  create is invoked, we have to verify the first step is use the mockito to
verify and verify if Repo dot save method is really invoked with the coupon that we are passing
to the controller next.
You can also assert, assert, not null, the object that is coming back, which is coupon created.
And we can also add additional assertions.
For example, you can fill in this coupon object coupon dot set code within double quotes super sale.
And once the object is returned, you can assert, assert equals expected is super sale will extract
in to a constant in a second coupon dot get code.
Select that string hit control one extract to constant called super sale, so so far we have mocked
out the repository, have injected that into the class, being tested coupon rest controller, and then
you have stubbed out the method call or mocked the method call repo dot save then return the coupon.
Then you have invoked the controller dot create .
When that happens, it will use this mocked out call and then we are verifying if really it is invoking the
repo dot save when we call controller dot create.
And also we are asserting that the result is what we are expected.
Whatever this repository dot save returns, the coupon controller should return it back.
That is what the code we have here is to run this test again.
you can right
click  go to run as if you don't see the junit option here.
Usually you see run as j
unit test.
If you don't see it, go to run configurations, go to the junit on the left side and you can create
a new configuration call it coupon rest controller.
Give it a name on the top.
The project is coupon service.
The test runner should be JUnit five.
If you are using the latest version of Springboot, the test class search, and you will find test
class within our project. ok
Run it.
That will run the test, it will open up the Junit console for us.
So on the left side, we have the Junit console.
If we expand it, everything is green and happy.
So our tests are run and the test create has passed successfully.